Add old draft deletion section (#622)
cap-js/docs: node.js/fiori.md

cds.drafts.cancellationTimeout=1h
```

> ### Old Draft Deletion
> 
> Old inactive drafts can be deleted automatically after a timeout. You can configure this timeout by the following application configuration property:
> 
> ```properties
> cds.fiori.deletionTimeout=true
> ```
> 
> You can set the property
> - to a number of days like '30d' 
> - to a number of milliseconds like 100000 
> - to true in order to obtain the default timeout of 30 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Garbage Collection of Stale Drafts

Inactive drafts can be deleted automatically after a timeout. You can configure this timeout by the following configuration:

```json
{
  "cds": {
    "fiori": {
      "draft_deletion_timeout": true
    }
  }
}
```

You can set the property
- to a number of days like `'30d'` or hours `'72h'`
- to a number of milliseconds like `1000`
- to `true` in order to obtain the default timeout of 30 days
```

cds.drafts.cancellationTimeout=1h
```

### Garbage Collection of Stale Drafts

Inactive drafts can be deleted automatically after a timeout. You can configure this timeout by the following configuration:

```json
{
  "cds": {
    "fiori": {
      "draft_deletion_timeout": true
    }
  }
}
```

You can set the property
- to a number of days like `'30d'` or hours `'72h'`
- to a number of milliseconds like `1000`

> - to `true` in order to obtain the default timeout of 30 days

Reviewer 2: Just switched the order, so that the default is mentioned first. And split it up, so that days, hours and milliseconds have an own bullet point.
